Although it was a meeting that lasted only two days,
due to the heated discussion of everyone,
it is difficult to agree that we have fully achieved the initial goal of this meeting.
I would like to express my deep condolences
for not being able to attend the meeting for the sake of the Sino-Japanese War.
The Sino-Japanese War is a battle of the past,
which is the only way to end the fate of the Sino-Japanese War.
It is a battle of the past, which should be the culmination of the world's death.
Moreover, we have already acknowledged the brilliant revolution in our country.
I would like to say that I have been supporting everyone,
and I would like to make a decision to fight the war of the past
while understanding the suffering and worries of the war.
I would like to make a wish and make a declaration of my opinion
for the future of the revolution.
I would like to say goodbye with this. Thank you.